Update shadow-roles.md (#4609)
kubernetes/community: mentoring/programs/shadow-roles.md

Some areas are still in the process of forming shadow roles. 

## Release Team
This SIG release team is embedded within SIG Release and is responsible for the day to day work required to successfully release while the SIG at large is focused on the continued improvement of the release process.

> An overview of the release team can be found [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/tree/master/release-team)

Reviewer: nit: we generally prefer to use git.k8s.io links, can you update this to:

```suggestion
An overview of the release team can be found [here](https://git.k8s.io/sig-release/release-team).
```

The list of roles and duties can be found [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/tree/master/release-team/role-handbooks)

## API Review

## Contributor Summit Planning

> The Content subteam creates in person and virtual experiences for new and current contributers to come learn, share and collaborate. 

Reviewer 2: `contributers` is misspelled. It should be `contributors`. The test is failing for this. Please correct, push changes (don't forget to sign the commit.

Author: Does every commit need to be signed, or just the initial one?

Reviewer 2: Every commit

Author: Ahh ok, will do so for next time. Sorry about that!
